He must have seen me on Denny.
I am he.
I am one through thee.
Dawn through thee.
Lead me on.
It is lost in my hand.
And lead me on and let me dance.
I am so tight, I am so weak, I am far.
Oh, lead to the storm, and lead to the night, and lead, oh child, lead to the light, and lead to my hand.
Let the Lord lead me on.
Let the Lord lead me on and lead me on and lead me back.
I am so tired, I am weak.
I am warm.
Oh, you need to look strong.
And you need to die.
And you need your child, oh, you need to die.
And take my hand.
When my life is on.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I am so tired.
I am so beautiful.
I am far.
Oh, me to the storm, and me to the night, and me to the shadow.
Me to the light, I want to make my hand.
Me to the storm, me to the home.